Date	Tue Feb 29 20:40:10 2000
Build	2143
Release	239

	changes are:

	- Fixed Person String Anomaly

		The problem was due to the differences between C and SQL empty string handling.
		- C does it with a null terminated string, i.e. hex 00 at the end of string
		- while SQL does it by setting the field to NULL
		note that nulls are handled in two completely different contexts

		the fix was to check for a string length of zero and then explicitly set the SQL field to NULL simply assigning the empty string was causing the problem where the first character would be overwritten with the x00 char

		this problem may arise elsewhere as this is the only place where I check for empty strings.
		let me know when it does and I will apply the same fix.

		In order to remove the anomalies, you will have to enter in some text then delete it from those fields that have been previously affected.



----------
From: 	Colin Bridge[SMTP:colin.bridge@actvac.com]
Sent: 	Tuesday, 29 February 2000 6:03 PM
To: 	Mick Corlis
Cc: 	Darian Bridge
Subject: 	RE: Anomalies

Mick

Did a test on myself.   Added middle name of xxxx then saved, then deleted,
then backed up.   The csv file had funny character then xxx in middle name.

Looks like delete is not working properly as it doesn't let you delete the
contents of a field (it only appears so on the screen).   Tried backspace to
delete and it did the same thing.   Will work on it

Colin


-----Original Message-----
From: Mick Corlis [mailto:mickc@wizardis.com.au]
Sent: Tuesday, February 29, 2000 9:12 AM
To: Colin Bridge; Colin Bridge
Subject: Anomolies


Colin,
You might need to do some investigation.  Yesterday I mistakenly changed
member 3811 from an Xxxx entry to a real person and made them
financial.  I later realised my mistake and change it back blanking out
all the other information lines (address etc).  I just imported the .csv
file and all the details are still there minus the first character.
SHERPA does not display any data other than the Xxxx. This suggests a
string handling problem somewhere.

--
Mick Corlis
Analyst/Programmer
Wizard Information Services

15 Barry Drive, Turner ACT 2612
Phone:  +612 62 750 750
Fax:    +612 62 750 777
E-mail: mick.corlis@wizardis.com.au
Wizard home page at:  http://www.wizardis.com.au

